I do have a file here that contains the necessary commands.
However, we are going to be going over,
I'm building this step-by-step.
We're not just going to take the file and run it and then explain it after the fact,
we're going to go and build it, resource by resource.
Let's take a look. We obviously going to start out with our VPC, which is the foundation.
We already have an AWS account.
So what we need to do is create our VPC
and then we're going to start deploying resources on top of that.
We're going to create a new file.
In this new file, I'm going to go back to
my source document and we're just going to take
a portion of it so that we can build in and discuss it as we go.
In this case, we're going to start with just a VPC.
I'll select the VPC,
copy and go back to our file,
the new file that we created.
I'm going to remove the description.
We don't need that at this time.
We're going to make sure our text editor is in YAML format.
We're going to save this file and we're going to start working on it.
I'll hit "Save," we'll give it
a meaningful name here, ourinfra.yml.
I'll save it. Now let's take a look at this.
The first thing you're going to see is that we have a parameter,
something that we haven't discussed yet.
So let's talk about parameters for a moment.
A parameter is something that you're going to use
to pass values to your CloudFormation script.
If you look at the screen,
it says the VpcCIDR has a default value of 10.0.0.0/16.
As a default value, that's okay,
but we want to have the option of changing that value.
Never hardcode values into your
affirmation scripts because what that means is you're going to have to go in
there and possibly change it and risk
making a typo in a already tested script, and you could break it.
So if we have a separate file where we have these values
like the CIDR for the VPC or the name for
load balancing or something that you can conveniently change without
having to touch the script at all, is ideal.
So that's why we have a separate parameter file so that
we have these values away from the script.
So let's see how we do this here.
First of all, we're going to need a parameter file,
obviously, so that we can pass these values.
I do have one here,
which is the real one that we're going to use,
and we're going make a simplified copy for our purpose right now.
Make a copy, drop it in a new file.
This file is going to be in JSON format.
The parameter file does not support YAML format at the time of this recording,
so it's going to be a JSON formatted document.
I'll hit "Save" and give it a name,
ourinfra-params, and then save.
So we have two parameters in this file.
One, we're calling environment name,
and you'll see why in a second.
We're just going to call
this parameter environment name and provide a value of Udacity project.
You can then put whatever value you want in there,
but you'll see why is that important later
on and the CIDR for the VPC that we just discussed.
Now we have this in a file where we can change it without ever
having to touch our CloudFormation script, or risk-breaking something.
So let's go back to the script that we're building,
which is our YAML file.